the 20 year roster!!

import
	flip through each line
	search family, if it's not there, i'm golden
		ask about possible dupes.. the only one i have to ask about!!!
	store (or capture) the family
		using my importer technique: it caches in the importer object
	then each other item in there: kids, enrollment, parents, jobs
	


4 hours PYTHON/SQL
ok, try some db stuff, see how it goes.
	STUCK: finally the hard one: job assignments
		have to either look up job description, or foreign key it
		use connect, blow off sqlobject
			at least to get the assignment
		NO!! just go get it in a separate python step, fuck joins
	families should be easiest
		match on family name, of course
		but if NEITHER of parents or phone match, CREATE NEW
			using parents first names
	kids second easiest... just grab familyobj from above
	parents then, for each mom and dad, insert with defaults "type" mom/dad
	next the enrollment... it's a list and i need to insert all of them
		will also need some defaults perhaps: am/pm, etc


first tweek the PHP pager, so that i can force current family NOT to page
	should be easy, just whack it in displayview
		or, change the cutoff number


do very simple rasta importer copy/paste or subclass

		
as you iterate through the lines
	go for it
		

the ONLY data editing i needed to do was the duplicated 1st vp(87-88,


how to handle divorced parents?
	use the same parent name, i suppose, no problem there
	are these two different families??!

watch out for duplicate LAST NAMES
	go have a look, sort, count

	
	blank last/mom/dad are same as previous
		BUT ONLY for last/mom/dad/address/phone
		so, as i iterate through, what to do?
		i don't think it's a problem with my current Whatever

		
	
import the bitchen 20-year alumni rasta!
	bummer: lots of work
	at import time, need to check for duplicate last-names/family names
		search db first, avoid collisions but also let merges happen!
			soundexes on parent names? auugh.
	finally the address hacks from alumni-hack.php
		but different: there are no zipcodes?
	then once it's in, got to reconcile with the "alumni" leads list!



might need to create user names too. some alumni might be back later.