broken springfest items

		gah... all of the conditional branches, i.e. edit, lookup, DNC!
			will need to create a tree function somewhere


can i use these for editing??!

what have i got here
	a common field: lead_id is the only one
	fields i need to determine which table to use: ticket quantity, amount
		if tickets * price > amount, it's not a ticket, it's a donation!
	fields that are specific to tickets only: vip
	subfields that may be best taken care of with my new subfield thing:
		income
	and then i is done! use the fucking qfc now?
	hey, cool. the payment shows up inside anyway
		so, i can just pass stuff through as a convenience item, perhaps
			pre-populating, basically


so. leave it as it is, until savepaid or savecomp?
	THEN, at the save point, instead of calling updatepaddles, check first!
		if a paddle number has been passed in (i.e. from erin), USE it!
		otherwise, updatepaddles to create it
	the hack here is i'm assuming entering income multiple times
		otherwise, i'd need to use a multi-select for un-claimed paddles
		or x input fields for the number of paddles
			each with an add new. goddamn this is confusing

maybe try doing it using my subform thingie!
	conditionalise the subform, based on what i've got there
	rememebr, i'm in control of validate, out at the setup point!

if i want to get fancy, i can also assign specific paddles instead of auto!
	i.e. intead of calling createpaddles, just assign them here
	thus solving two problems at once!

really fucked up. i think i'm checking for FORM in a few places
	and useform really fucks that up?



what if i start from scratch.
	ticketwizard does ugly things. what if i replace it with the new interface?
	enter code OR popup? i no longer need the old deal!


fix donations, goddamit, 1526
	hmm. ticketwizard/rsvpwizard is utterly fucked. 
		need to prependtable throughout
		which, could suck. i'm re-using a lot

	ah. addrequiredfields is just plain broken
		it should add them all

	ok. where do i use coopform, and can i hack around this mess
		savepaid. i could cycle thru passvarsthrough() maybe
			also the getelement shit. gah... refreshes will kill me
			and setdefaults too
			maybe globally set vars?
 			process! totally broken in ticket and leads_income. gah
				again, unless i customise the vars
		savecomp is a bit simpler, but same issue
		editaddress: also a total fucking botch


	then add the money. wizard, perhaps?
		becomes a variant on tickets!
		because... they need to purchase a ticket. duh.

	at-the-door paddles
		income for payment of paddles!
			how to deal with multiple paddles to ticket/income??
			huh? wtf does that mean?
				it means, asshole, that one check may pay for > 1 ticket
		enter paddle, lead, then money.
		this miht be easy! the money stuff might be trickiest/wizardy


	genericise?
		i have nested things, in general, done. what am i missing?
		nested MULTIPLES: like a multi-select, but with edit/new
			i.e. income -> paddle -> auctionpurchases
			or income -> ticket/donation
			or family -> parents (2)
			or family -> policy -> vehicle
		
don't show the tickets only
	gah. i hacked around with findthanksneeded, but i need to fix the query
		i.e., error out if findthanksneeded is not the query
		good luck figuring out how to do the query in sql ;-)



clean up erin's manually-sent invites

auction purchases
	one big thing:
		first enter check.
			once it is entered, freeze it or htable it
				with an edit button, for future edits
				how to know?
		then enter a bunch of paddles
			trick is how to show that shit
			same problem as above
			naw, use my multi-select thing!
		for each paddle, list of items
			AND PURCHASE PRICE! that's the kicker
		action? the nextaction on all the subs go back to top?
			do frozens include hidden? or not?
	
	it's a fucking wizard again!
		check
		paddle
		items

		details-style?
			list all the auction purchases for this
				with edit/delete
			and a new button pre-populated with income
		my ugly all-forms-together?
			use the fact that some fields overlap
			naw, won't work for multiples.

