random things that really really need to get cleaned up

new directory structure:
	COOP (all my CoopFoo.php classes). only classes go in here
		CoopDBDO... setting in object-config.php? coop-db.ini?
		
	find a better way to start this up, than dirname(__FILE__)!
		dammit! this SAFE_MODE shit will kill me on nfsn. wtf?
		i want to be able to move first.inc somewhere else, maybe?


force the menu to refresh, the tree doesn't seem to be doing so
		

stuff to deal with when moving all around
	all require_once's, to COOP/Page.php, COOP/View.php, etc.


	
go through the joinpaths in standard linkconstraints!
	i bet i can blow off tons of wacko custom linkconstraints this way!


		
clean up maint folder, move crap to old folder instead!


???PHP
do NOT dick with request in coopview:getAndSaveDefault()
	instead, find some way to extend my merging code in dispatcher
	so that it will include things like search/sort variables from view!
	look at syform. quickform has its own ways of dealing with saved vars
		find out whatever i do in coopform, and do it in syform too



???PHP
clean up my inclusion order in proparation h for phptal
	remember the set names!!!

	what about deletes? no audit trail on deletes... interesting


	generic dispatcher
		then use that for my fix-whateve


use get_browser() instead of that lib/sniff.php SniffBrowser() crap
		

add to instructions
auctionpurchases
 	 'This is the "Jane Report": the actual purchases of Springfest Packages, along with their final bid price, and the variance between what they sold for and their estimated value. The most popular packages (those that sold for at or above their estimated value) are listed first.';


coop_sendto
	move to dbhost
	need to be global ebcause it's referenced in session-init 
	but i have to move it into cooppage somewhere-- setting


gah. can't delete a family if they have a user, but they have one AUTOMATICALLY when you careat ea family, and betsy can't delete it!!
	have to perhaps override perms, or something. 
	fb_display_delete? a callback that goes and whacks all user/group data?
		will suck for audit


-----------------------
UNNECESSARY DUE TO DRUPAL


send_email needs a rework
	use TAL with omit-tag to template it: an HTML version and a non-html version
	or optionally use the html unformatting tool i have to translate tags



smaller damned font
	how does this look in exploiter? font-size: 101%
	http://www.nedbatchelder.com/code/modules/coverage.html



	save the diff's, NOT the entire whooha
		if that's possible in text/diff mode
			maybe only the textfields
		but how to format that for email??



handle changing user logins
	wipe out the menu cache at login if login is different from last?

	
??PHP
blow off pagetop completely
	and use LOGIN like my template-friendly version
	fix the CSS issues in exploiter too
	separate out APP logic from PRESENTATION
		the APP logic must occur in a certain order
			the presentation logic is in a TOTALLY different order
			shouldn't have anything to do with each other!

 construct the <HEAD> *last*, after the whole body is done
		buffer the entire page, no matter how fucking enormous
			this also gets me a <title> that makes sense too
			wouldn't take much to TAL the whole app, actually
	i now have working tal templates, so this shouldn't be hard!


job descriptions
	 'The virtual job description binder.';


