redo the whole site in drupal or xoops or joomla or something

svn gymnastics
	import my version 1.02 of coop
		do all the shuffling around like i did last time
			tinymce, symlinks, anything else?
			test it!
		get emacs to deal
	possibly re-import via vendor branch
			mochikit
			maybe fonts or fpdf, if i can do just files
			local pear
			phpserialize
	all the modules i need... import los bastardos as vendors!
		try to guess their version, as much as is possible
	finally merge in all my shit, and make sure it still works
		all the vendor branches
		all my files from the coop branch too
	migrate my commands in my Makefiles to new svn format


	
start going through the content, and doing it right
	i.e. handbook, bylaws, etc., other links
	try on local site first! file upload, how?

what about the playground? weird special case

rid the playground and documents then	
	


----

drupal fun
	try all of their sample modules, and understand them
    write a sample drupal module, with civicrm hooks
    	use petition as an example/template?
	write one to tweek the user passwords!
	write another to use coop auth, perhaps
    

civicrm fun
	write an import script using their API
		to put in families, parents, kids, companies, etc!
			it appears i can get the whole heirarghy in there
	look at all of their api docs
		


open drupal questions
	how to get email to every member, whenever a forum posting?
	forums default perms? content types? what?
		or, instead of the regular forum blocks, a custom block?
	where are the event types set up?
			content types? where to set those up?
	how to alias? i saw a module that did that
		i.e. node/12 => login.... or members, or something
	all other default permissions
	books
		i think any page can also be a book page? or not really?
		any way to get a book to print out in PDF format?
		any way to IMPORT into a book? i.e. from word?
	



	
import the users!!
	write an export script using csv python
		drupal file: name, email, password, familyid, userid
			USE THE LIVE DATA! the passwords are bullshit on my home site!
				this presumes pushing it live. am i ready?
 	then do the drupal user import of same data; it should match up
		do i have to write something? or does it exist already?
	finally write another quick python script to replace passwords
		based on USER NAME, yah! maybe match email too, but not really

		

set up forums: member only should see it


oh wow, event types! cool, i can filter by those


how do i hide certain custom fields?	


coop/drupal/civicrm integration
	look at phpbb module for drupal! example of how to hook together logins
	try writing a block or page for co-op application, variation on generic.php
		$_database = 'dbname' in extended classes. must do, or collides!
		hmm. $_database_dsn instead?
		or, $_database, but what IS it?
		databaseStructure, or __connection?
	auth strategy
		auth via my current system, and force drupal to honor it?
		auth via drupal, and somehow get that to my app?
			how to link the uid's!!? can't do it thru civicrm
		custom login form with popup, just like auth.inc!
			override user/login hook? build my own popup list?
	log issues! too much SPEW into the logs!
		reduce that, dammit. just do my PEAR ERROR stuff
	make my shitty coopmenu a block, only for registered users
	make my stuff a module, replace dispatcher/generic.php
		drupal already sets up a session, so don't session_init()!
		subclass or somehow tweak newdispatcher or Page to use drupal_goto()
			and not header(location)

	

migration plan
	immediately remove and convert data
		bulletin board
		files
		documents
		calendar
		events
		event types
	port permissions system
		users
		groups
		realms
		logins
	unknown
		audit
		instructions
		invitations!? email blast/program instead?
	integrate with civicrm somehow! plugin?
		solicitation companies
		territories
		leads
		families
		parents
		kids
		flyer locations
		auction donations
		cash donations
		ad purchases?
		attendees?
		auction purchases?
    start converting stuff to flexinodes or custom modules
    	job descriptions
    	enrollment?
    	enhancement?
    


	
how would i join civicrm tables to coop tables??!!
	i.e. for queries that check values in there?
	do i make temporary tables?
	
			
heh, cool, label printing via fpdf included now!
	angel bueno pardo post to civicrm list
		also in their "plugins" or somewhere on wiki

by default, set simple_access defaults so that ALL nodes are members only
	only privileged users can un-do that
	gah! not possible. have to hack


import the solicitation contacts!
	and territories too. custom civicrm stuff!
	

find a way to link the leads to who invited them
	and permission them, so only certain people see them

more importation
	do the 20-year alumni thing. it's time!
	export the solicitation contacts (the most important ones!)
	then the leads


get the paypal SSL cert thing going			
			
			
use the files/foo stuff for andreas theme! make it all in drupal!
		
find a choose widget for linked tables??
	or write your own?
	
step through every section of the site, and look at what's required
	invitations: inviting versus names? pick list? tricky.
	the tangle of membership, enhancement, etc
		just add some of it as adjuncts to user information
			or glue it in somehow
	

differences between my app and drupal?
	auth the concept of group-level privs:
			being able to do x/y/z to OTHER people's data
		i think i saw this somethere
	linkconcat and popup and searchselect
	the wide variety of tables
	
open questions
	does it use templates? how can i use templates?
		it uses its own fucked-up templating engine: PHPTemplate.
	can i set a popup/pulldown to be items from another node type??
		probably not. but there's stuff in civicrm
			yeah, look in modules. you have to write ugly php to do it
	how can i glue between my old application and the new one?
		i.e. mix drupal nodes and coop stuff
		figure out how to integrate this massive app base already present
		look at civic-crm? a big beast in and of itself
		each table is a node? i.e. custom content type?
			i.e. subscription? calendar?
	integrating menu, how?
		shouldn't be that difficult: custom menu basically
		already has its own heirarchal stuff
			read docs, yes.
	linking auth with family name/id
		familyid is *everywhere* in this app... s/b userid?
			i.e. more than one user per family?
			teachers!!
		look at member designation in civicrm


plan for new site:
	new users get EMAILED their password and login name!!
		none of this pop-up-menu crapola!




how to start, goddammit!?
	have to move shit around in cvs, no?
	try integrating it without that
	wow, petition module integrates with civicrm really well!
		others do too, i.e. vote module


----------------
BELOW THE LINE

modules i'll want for the school
	urlfilter
	subscribe
	masquerade
	RSVP or civicrm equivalent

coop_sendto should be integreated with drupal instead!

	i can wait
      	amazon associate tools
	ooh!
		powells!! it's my damned library application!
			i can extend that perhaps
		wishlist-- for packages!!
		rawlog, so i can fucking TAIL stuff!
		s/p magic menus! -- my drupdown/popup menus?
		ecommerce-- for selling auction shit, hey! it has auction module!
		gallery2? or image? or does tinyhtml do that anyway? ing_assist?
		activeselect: may be useful!
		javascripttools! for my custom module things!
		blockbar
		mailhandler? for posting?
		project!
	hmm? research more
		category?
		contact list
		img_assist?
		nice menus? bah, doesn't help

			have a look at the towncenter one for comparison
			maybe custom data for wait list application?!!
				i'd have to write custom drupal to parse it out
					i.e. to make contacts for parent/child/etc
					easy with javascript kit, repeating forms, flexinode
			add the profiles and custom fields to the thankyou page!





				
-----------------
DONE

can i have user names with spaces in them?
		yes
	password recovery.. make sure it handles this
		yes

		install mods
				book
	     	forums

drupal settings
	do not let users auto-register

wow, i was able to get all the content in there!! cool!
			civimail (instead of bbs?)
		civicrm file: family info, familyid, and userid
			parse out if possible
	FIRST import them as civicrm contacts!
		get the family id's correct!
		event repeat
		flexinode
		minutes!
     	calendar/event, i.e. food site
			hmm. permissions for events: some public, some not
			simpleaccess!
    	or do the tutorial. is tahere a 4.7.1 tutorial? yes, examples
do the dance of the CVS
	should be easy, compared to the clusterfuck i've been dealing with lately
	naw, upgrades will fucking kick my ass
		i need to heavily CVS'ise this
then push the fucker live!
set up a live-backup!
content types default not proomoted to front page

filter formats!
	input formats
	this could be as massive as my linux kernel cvs: drupal is BIG: 43MB
do i want to sync the drupal CVS completely?
	well, umm, TRY it!
	now that i think of it, this may be a time to try subversion!
		yay, cool
		topskim it, perhaps. i want at least some history there
			web qa sql notes scripts
			TODO(interesting, how? move to notes?)
		gah, ugly. either i lose all modify info, or i keep all comments
