??PYTHON (yeah baybee!)
nifty label printing library reportlab!!

	big showstopper: sqlobject not being found by sys.path on nfsn

	play with styling in reg'lar text	
	
	create my own template "class"
		or db table?
			yes, db table. let themadd/edit
		attributes
			name (usually label name?)
			pagesize  -- document or pagetemplate?
			margins -- pagetemplate?
			row/col height/width  -- table constructor
			gutter (if any) -- table style
			font size
			font name (popup?)
			debug (show lines)


	note that table width/height must be specified inarray OF EACH
		so, [ colwidth for i in steps]
		and [ rowheight for i in numrows]  #the dbcalculates this i think


	first line right-just? with responsecode? SMALL font? gray?
		that's the quick hack anyway

	any way to float the response code to upper right corner?
		in pdf inside that table cell?
		doesn't look like it, unless i manually canvas it onto the page.
			style it?
		try to create a THING, and stick the data inside it, with the code
			flowable? can it contain other flowables?
		what are HRflwable, PTOcontainer, paragraphandimage?
			hr is an <hr>. pto is a (next/prev) trigger
		and what's with the macros?
			wow, allows access to the canvas!
				maybe try one with a pdb exception,poke around
		hey, fuck this. just have first line justified right?

	also note pagebreak element,maybe

	how to have two different pagestyles for different versions, in one doc?
		without flowing.

	get dimensions for teh label?
		ana's stuff?
		or use 5160/5167
			5161 is slightly bigger
			ana brought me 5660

	serving it up
		be sure to pass ?type=.pdf in any requests so IE doesn't flip out!
		do i need to do a stringio hack? to get length for content-len
		and should i use inline not attachment?
			browsercam

	Error (0): PDF file is damaged - attempting to reconstruct xref table...
	Error: Couldn't find trailer dictionary
	Error: Couldn't read xref table
		so, build the xref table?


	label form
		choose
			font
			size
			label template
		python or php?
		either way, pass values to my pdf thing via vars.last


	return address labels are the big question mark
		how to specify both? put them in the same document (multiple templates?)

	launch the pdf in a popup window (i already have code for that IIRC)
		and flip this page to a confirmation screen for "label printed"
			list all the labels and response codes, with checkboxes
				and a check all javascript
			to save the labelprinted state

