norma joe
	did wine.
	would be nice to have a kid-related thing.
	a band, a luau, corporate donation thing
	send out the auction book in advance, so people see what was up for grabs
	do it online, or email, online
	wine committee
	some of the items, it wasn't worth $10 to wrap them
	grouping by number would have been ok, at least it would have been easy to find.
	more people in packaging, that seems like the big one
	their sister's garbage, garage emptied out, or $5 at denny's
	have the winery bring a few servers doing the pourings and tastings
		in fact, they WANTED to come and pour, and they opted out because they COULDN'T come
	
eileen
	it was nice having a big committee	
	keep supporting the tribune-- financially.
	the comical even wrote about it
	keep it, at least the name, even if it is made simpler
		does it need to be an auction?
jose
	glad there was some automation
	it would be nice to have the items in more than 2 days before the event
		made it very difficult.
		all that last-minute scramble	
	really would like to have the idea ahead of time
	process thrashing-- it wasn't clear, and it changed
	too much work, too much investment of time.
	like the idea of an adult-only event, without the kids, get a break from the kids
	nice to have the other community members there.
	lots of little things, most of it junk. the work-to-payoff ratio was too high.
	lots of different levels of access, it beecame difficult
		didn't know what you can see
	loading in the truck, getting it over there, was a lot of work, no time to shower,
		still more work afterwards.
	could there be at least one person who does corporate donations.

carrie
	if items don't come from the members, you can get a lot more control over it
	nice to force them into the silent auction area because that's where the food was
	there were enough servers, that was good. with volunteers, not too different
	if the groupings were by category, and the numbers: R10
		close them down after a fixed number: we already have our 10 restaurant item
	it used to be a garage sale in previous years, "boutique", that was not successful
	good ratio of people who did work
	too difficult to figure out how to get a ticket!
		people were going to the commmunity center trying to buy tickets
	people who bought tickets, in advance, should have been sent hard-copy tickets
	definitely, the next year should be two people coordinating it, not one.
		unless they're professionals
		and, it should be clear lines of demarcation.
	invitation went on well. last year it was part of solicitation! it was a big jobn and needed a committee.
	should solicitation do its own thank you's?
	the job descriptions were nuts. even with the automation, the job descriptions were nothing.
	there has been no database, we should have that this year.
	selling is a highly-skilled position, but the people there didn't have the skills
		how to train them? we just threw them to the wolves.
	$27k profit, $36k total income. same amount of money from donations as event
		we had the skylights, but that might not happen next year
		maybe 5 names instead. dump the punishment, don't demand or fine them.
	how to simplify the event?
		severely limit the silent auction items. no more than 30, and 15 live, plus fixed-fee.
		don't make the families donate! TELL them what items to donate.
		go through all the book, and/or the database. just a few more.
		don't even need the large room at the community center! can save money
		no more family donations.
		expand the solicitation committiee: they have accountability

laura
	desserts, could more have gotten donated? 
		no, there were plenty of dessert, almost too much. we had to send people home with stuff.
	donations from trader's, caterers, danielle's mom, jane solano, etc.
	should keep it appetizers! it is too small a space for a sit-down dinner.
	group the items together better: thematically, personal care, restaruarants
		in the catalog, too
	also you know when the restaurant table is closed, for example. you know not to bother there.
		maybe people will spend more money
	cash and carry table, it became a garage-sale.
	at solicitation time, get a flyer, to-go menu, postcard, something to jazz up the package.
	have next-years' solicitation person shadow this years, apprenticeship.
	had a very negative feeling about the 10 names, or get punished by paying. privacy.

erin
	sit-down dinner last year was utter chaos. glad we didn't do that this year.
	what went wrong?
	separate the raffle/surfboard from the event tickets.
		surfboard is all pre-event, and ticketin the event is near the last minute
	didn't get very many phone calls
	there was no place to enter where these people were
		the families were a separate thing
		vip's
		comps
	surfboard was enormously painful
		people didn't want to front the money
	people in the storeroom had no idea what they were supposed to be getting.

lisa
	could the tickets get sold at various places around town?
	everything seemed to go very well, at least from the board perspective
		carrie seemed to be in control of the thing
		credit to carrie, but worry about next year... without carrie will it be ok?
	no more quilt, please. but the surfboard works.
	thought that solicitation was organised, didn't feel it was organised.
	door prizes! there should be more of them. you should go home with something.
	a hard-copy ticket would be a good thing.
	people think that the BIGGER the event is, the more money it makes.
	actally SELL the ticket.

danielle
	definitely need two people to run the event
		a live auction person, silent auction person, on separate ends of the room
	leeanne will be here next year, definitely a surfboard.
	it was stressful. her son has anxiety attacks when she grabs her keys.
	someone on packaging needs to be in the storeroom, someone needs to be at the cashiers
		don't need them in the storeroom until something is done.
	fixed fee items need to be at the cashiers table.
	setup should NOT be done by packaging
		packaging needs to be in the storeroom
	hand-written tickets, do i pay? all that.
	group them in the garage.
	have an auction hostess from packaging.
	ended up staying longer and getting there eariler
	when you bought something you had to sign out for it. good idea.
	maybe more data entry, particularly for soliictiation
		stuff that got lost, fixed fee, thank you, in-kind	
	some people who did solicitation but didn't have certificates
		getting stuck with making up certificates, was NOT her job.
	knowing who donated what.
	there needs to be a thank-you committee! people are still doing.
		michelle, barb, danielle
	capturing everything
		anyone who does ANYTHING, needs a thank you
		except business card ads.
	each class does a different TYPE of basket
		i.e. don't let random chance pick the items, you ask for specific items.
	form with no money, asking her to call to follow up.
	address, not name. so mr. and mrs. are ONE "name".
	

sue
	lots of data entry, lots more work than expected
	it's more than a 6-person committee
	handful of people who pretty much did nothing.
		or, they did their work on the front end, and they were free
	



