notes on my new ticket thingus

	ask for a response code

	verify the response code

	rsvp page (done)
		popup/other self-populating or hiding via javascript?

	validate the rsvp form
		anything? calculate ticket quantity?
		understand client validation too
		
	process the rsvp form
		guess what is going on
		display a confirm page 

	finally SEND the data
		lots of guessing what's going on!
		target is: to paypal

	and deal with what gets passed back thru paypal
		tickets and cash... maybe simple?

	use my little hacky switch/dispatcher!
		ask for  a response code
		verify the response code (is this you?)
			optional: GUESS name? (bad idea? security?)
		simple donate page with:
			DONATE group
				popup for sponsor levels, incl Other...
				box for "other" donation
			ticket quantity box

		how to decide?
			popup with sponsor levels and "other amount"
				obviously other amount means random donation
			ticket number box
				if filled in, i MUST save a ticket quantity
				adjust donation amount if ticket quantity * price < amount
					validate method
				also if ticket quant * price == amount, save as ticket
				hack. use invoice to store ticket quantities. i can't take it
				then at postpaypal time, grab that value
			the ultimate target IS PAYPAL.. 
				this only comes back for validation
				well, use invoice as # of tickets. if empty, no tickets.
					maybe make the "description" the total order, 
						incl num ticets
					for humane consumption
				but then i have to redirect it somehow, after validation
				so i need a confirm page: frozen, basically
					two sumbit buttons: change, or sumbit
					sumbit goes to paypal, change goes back here
				ok, so it is basically a second non-form form, 
					that goes back with all hidden vals
	
	modify PostPaypal to handle new lead stuff!
		s/b simple. similar to family join.
			but populate the user this time
		hmm. maybe enter the join FIRST, on my screen
			then pass the join number into paypal?
			this way i can capture the ticket quantity
				remember: payment is optional for tickets.
		this is the invoice problem.
		the sponsor level will have to be an awful hack
			i'll have to guess based on the amount! duh.
				actually that makes sense. people may donate odd amounts
		hey wait. i thought you can pass these through!
			multiple lineitems in paypal... i'm SURE of it!
		can use invoice or item_number as hacks: they are passthroughs
			or, shopping cart and xxx_1
			aha! pp57
		bah. maybe it's time to just create an invoice interface
			invoice, line item?

note pp147: the names of vars to pass TO paypal are different

what is txn_type
note parent_txn_id for refunds, if  any happen

ticket entry interface: incl vip's!
	have another look at that ticket GRAPHIC!
