report notes
$Id$

???PHP/CSS
use CSS block for tabletitle instead of that enclosing table


??PYTHON (yeah baybee!)
nifty label printing library reportlab!!

	big showstopper: sqlobject not being found by sys.path on nfsn

	play with styling in reg'lar text	
	
	create my own template "class"
		or db table?
			yes, db table. let themadd/edit
		attributes
			name (usually label name?)
			pagesize  -- document or pagetemplate?
			margins -- pagetemplate?
			row/col height/width  -- table constructor
			gutter (if any) -- table style
			font size
			font name (popup?)
			debug (show lines)


	note that table width/height must be specified inarray OF EACH
		so, [ colwidth for i in steps]
		and [ rowheight for i in numrows]  #the dbcalculates this i think


	first line right-just? with responsecode? SMALL font? gray?
		that's the quick hack anyway

	any way to float the response code to upper right corner?
		in pdf inside that table cell?
		doesn't look like it, unless i manually canvas it onto the page.
			style it?
		try to create a THING, and stick the data inside it, with the code
			flowable? can it contain other flowables?
		what are HRflwable, PTOcontainer, paragraphandimage?
			hr is an <hr>. pto is a (next/prev) trigger
		and what's with the macros?
			wow, allows access to the canvas!
				maybe try one with a pdb exception,poke around
		hey, fuck this. just have first line justified right?

	also note pagebreak element,maybe

	how to have two different pagestyles for different versions, in one doc?
		without flowing.

	get dimensions for teh label?
		ana's stuff?
		or use 5160/5167
			5161 is slightly bigger
			ana brought me 5660

	serving it up
		be sure to pass ?type=.pdf in any requests so IE doesn't flip out!
		do i need to do a stringio hack? to get length for content-len
		and should i use inline not attachment?
			browsercam

	Error (0): PDF file is damaged - attempting to reconstruct xref table...
	Error: Couldn't find trailer dictionary
	Error: Couldn't read xref table
		so, build the xref table?


	label form
		choose
			font
			size
			label template
		python or php?
		either way, pass values to my pdf thing via vars.last


	return address labels are the big question mark
		how to specify both? put them in the same document (multiple templates?)

	launch the pdf in a popup window (i already have code for that IIRC)
		and flip this page to a confirmation screen for "label printed"
			list all the labels and response codes, with checkboxes
				and a check all javascript
			to save the labelprinted state





??PHP
stick reports into the stack, somehow
	DOCUMENT the stack
	so i can navigate through them. AND so i can save stuff for them
	call newdispatcher in reports
	better yet, make the view function a subclass
		or, a generic_report.php
			which dispatches on reportid from list of reports
	for
		enhancement
		carrie
		nag
		solicitsumm
		attendance (new)
	

now, it might not need to be this complicated!
	why not stick the report shit into the last for that table?
		there almost always is a table, isn't there? a faketop?
	problem there is back. great, it builds the chooser, but now what?
		look at attendance


excel export. fuck labels.

let's get serious about this then!
	test splitting pages
		invisible flowable NextPageTemplate
		it's not really necessary, except maybe if different margins
	xref shit
		getting corrupted in transfer. try compression
		where is it set? in canvas?

supply templates, subclass doctemplate
	nextpagetemplate to switch between them


create a subclass of dispatcher, or a new dispatcher 
	this will be a very MVC, rails-ish thing, i expect


	set pdf page/author/etc properties properly
		not that important, but not working either
	would be nice to have a header/footer with date/version on it!



margolisreport: see parentedattentance.txt

report arch

report generic
	maybe even for reports too!!!! so they are accessible
	what scares me is handlestack. if no table, what do i do?


birthdays report
	for this and next month, am/pm
	where to put it? students?


create a coopreport class, stick getreportperms into it
	make it a paralell of coopobject, probably not inheriting from it
	genericise some of the reports

	others?
		what do i do about reports!?
		table can have a view, but also some number of reports.
		HEY! how about one report for each realm!
		pick a generic report file, somewhere store all the reports!
			there must be *some* way of registering them.
			fuck it, stick a struct in a file and be done with it
			that's for *storing* the new ones.

finally make an iterator for coopview
		which uses view's toarray

??? PHP
parent ed attendance report that makes sense
	using adddefaultfamilyperms, as a model


??SQL/PHP
baby summary?: how many babies per workday and epod day


??? PHP
	look at the sandyreport IT IS BORKEN
	the fucking linkconstraints... they're getting called when i don't want!
		how to override them?
	redo possibly with phptal
	
kudos system
	put the sandy report into that realm


test the enhancement summary!
	and thorough test on hours. that'll be the next bit of entry
	the show all thing is fubared?
	also, the chooseschoolyear can crash Enrollment.php
		blank start date for familyid 10 (2004-2005)
	maybe attach report to a table? so it's table/report?



report ideas
	add the reports to the object?
		i.e. some number of report_foo callbacks
		add a 'table' to reports? so reportname, table?
		how to dispatch? report state!
		how to stack pop/push?
			a report state (as opposed to view!)
			AND THE NAME OF THE REPORT!
	my current page-based thingus (for now)?
		perms as they are, basically	
		how to dispatch?
		how to stack pop/push?
			if there is a report block?
    stack needs to handle reports
    	things like chosenschoolyear and show/hide all need to be in last
    		add url to the 'last' glob?
    		or, in a subthing. searchsettings?
    cache chosen things in reports
      	search/sort
      		fall/spring, schoolyear, showall, in report
      	report varliable?
      		if blank, use 'view',otherwise a custom 



fix enhancement summary report to allow multiyear
	the date is broken in enhancement.php, 'bad date


list of families, and how many names have been entered so far
	um, by certain dates?
	only the delinquent ones?
	and, with email and phone and am/pm (heh) for the springfest cops to use

total dump of families and names
	incl. family name (and id?) and am/pm
	in excel format, for carol eggimann



	flow stuff beyond the page: i.e. data lines > fit on page
		IT FLOWS IT AUTOMATICALLY!!! YAY!!

export/print
	the standard view stuff, minus pager
	grab from last
		in fact, grab EVERYTHING from last. s/b easy
	default: export whatever columns are in the result set
		unless there is a callback or columnlist
		using toarray to format them
	print-as-labels callback, if available?
	vagaries: special crap like honouring do not contact?
		don't deal with that now,  but will have to
	and an excel export, which i think i've done
		in perl. try python now!
			fuck, this really wouldn't be too hard in PHP anyway
		ah, the labelprinted stuff! important!
    	i.e. show a report, then some way to tag them as labelprinted
    		pick/choose date label printed too, or none
    		it's a searchable report, basically!
    	and, the "export to excel" just re-does that query as an excel export!
    		this is where mvc is cool. controller is same, view is different
    			excel view, web view
