a cool nifty SEARCH BOX in all generic views!!

sortable views!
	use mochikit sortable_tables example, it rules
		integrate somehow into coopview and/or tal
		ok, first try integrating a *regular* coopview into tal!
			IIRC, there were "issues"... templates.txt? parented?
	ajax/json version of coopview, subclass, my ajax thingus
		json response is
			'columns' : coopview::header(),
			rows: coopView::toarray()- iterated
		perms? for edit?
	STUCK: his mini-TAL has a structure? or not?


put paging in simpletable!!
	finally OTHER kinds of paging: LIMIT, numeric ,etc
		i.. page 1..20.. this should be the default
		divide the total by COOP_MAX
			that's the number of pages
				for each page, do a LIMIT(number * MAX, something)
			ah, offset x limit max
	put the test for quantity in find or elsewhere, then call default pager
	gah. gotta force showchooser. why??
		force it inside of the pager code,or in find
	try to render the pager at the end of a simpletable too
		true for all pagers
	must TABLE PREFIX the searchables
		will this happen anywhere? territories, maybe?
		anywhere in objects that searchForm is called
			BUT BE CAREFUL! there are backreference issues
				i.e. push will have table prepended, this is prolly good
		there will be multiples on details pages now

the pager formula is:
	[[i+1, i*max, i*max+max-1] for i in range(0, round(total/(max * 1.00)))]


task:
	turn the schoolyearchooser into a generic search/sort interface
		look at audit trail and/or parent ed for inspiration
		wrap it in javascript hiding. click here to search/sort.
		an ALL button to hide it and wipe out the form data
		LO: metacharacters and/or !=, > , <
	save/restore the state of the search.
	support LIMIT box, which is *NOT* in the dbdo!
	LO: eventually support pager
	a search-interface form
		takes a list of fields to allow search on
		build a form, similar to COopForm (subclass?)
			handling schoolyear and familyid specially, as coopform already does
			by default, just as in coopform, default SY=current, family=mine
	instead of insert/update, build MORE CONSTRAINTS!
		use 'like' for any non-numeric fields
			i'll have to deal with table() to check that
		make sure it doesn't collide with linkconstraints
			override them? check them?
			AUUGH! this part is hard.
	save/restore the state
		i also have to deal with chosenschoolyear too
			it and getChosenSchoolYear will be obsolete
		HOW? WHERE?
	inserting the form into the coopview
		dump it into coopview->yeartitle ?
			change name to searchsortchooer?
		or, just store a reference to the BUILT FORM in coopview
			and tohtml() it at rendering time. probably smarter.
	what about sorting?



??PHP
other kinds of pagers
	i.e. index, id, etc
	have to do it *after* find. which means NOT syform
		but where? can't do tabletitle because it is AFTER fetching
			would have to be wedged in after find, before fetch
	problem here is as with moving alphachooser: you don't know SIZE
		at the point where you're building syform
		but you *do* know just after doing find.
			but by then, it's too late, you've already run the query
		clone? then re-query
	move the alpha chooser into the syform? or the title?
	make alpha chooser part of sychooser
		use it automatically if # of entries > certain amount
			that's tricky though. i'd have to search twice
				and dbdo won't let me do that. drat.
				clone?
	use an fb_pagerType flag


???PROBLEM?
saving these in last for now. is that OK?
	i.e. what if multiple per page, i.e.  details


experiment with the enhancement summary perhaps
	maybe a nag reminder button too

special cases:
	table_name link to realms		

how?
??? PHP
proper generic search feature!!
	i.e. the beginning of what i have in audit trail!!
	this would FUCKING RULE
	maybe javascript hide the form, so it pops up only when needed!!
	add records to show to it
	put it in generic or coopview
		i think generic is the most logical place for it
	and an ALL button

build a quickform, much like the standard build
	subclass coopform? searchform?
	slight differences
		add all the fields the user has VIEW perms for (not edit/add)
	actions will be different: not insert/update


the generic view and/or constraints and/or simple table will need to change
	it already constrains based on id supplied. needs to do others too
	and "like" for non-numeric fields.... hmm, could get ugly


sort by too. make column headings clickable
	this is basically SDG, but SDG has... issues...


??? PHP
now integrate the parented and possibly audittrail searchers into this!
	add elements to the form!
	how to override?
	the hack is setdefaults i can only do it at the END, right before rendiring
	always put in, even if no schoolyear perms?

