from Sat Oct 11 11:20:41 PDT 2003

three database projects
	solicitation
		10 names: family donations
			NEED WEB FORM NOW
		corporate donations, soliciting team volunteers
			possible next web-form project, after 10-names is done
	donation items
		3x5 cards, describe the items
		would be useful to have this in centralised db too. 
		unique id for families is essential
	tracking
		checks, donations, 10 names status (# tickets, $ donated, etc.)


10 names db
	"flawless"
	"everyone can use"
	offline entries possible, i.e. at parent ed meeting
	entry:
		parents (or data entry person, if parents submit info on paper)
			go online, enter 10 names
		can enter MORE than 10
		MUST enter at least 10 by cutoff date
		choose family name (popup or table of links)
		fields:
			last (required)
			first (required)
			business/company
			addr1 (required)
			addr2
			state/province (required, "CA" default)
			zip/postalcode (required, "94044" default)
			oountry (required, "USA" default)
			relationship (required, popup)
				relative, friend, co-worker, alumni, other
		display:
			how many you've entered so far, and, who they are
			
	reports:
		list of parents, and how many names have been entered so far
		total dump of families and names
			incl. family name (and id?) and am/pm
			in excel format, for carol eggimann

	nice to have: 
		email response, confirming data entry
		reminder: you've entered x names, you need x more names to get 10.
		check that someone else didn't already enter the name? i.e. duplicates

contacts: carolklyver@sbcglobal.net, matt@omidyar.org, ken@restivo.org
		
	
dates:
	cutoff for 10-names for first mailing: 11/4
	data processed for mailing:  1/21/04
	mailing: 2/15/04


web site stuff
	old site:
		pacificaco-opnurseryschool.com : at HE
	new site:
		paccoop.org -> yahoo (yecch)
		pacificacoop.org -> NFSN?


actions
	ken:
		make it work
		get to matt today or tomorrow
	matt: 
		get nfsn or some such thing online and going
		make it pretty once ken is done
		make a paper form for those who can't get online
	carol:
		review it tuesday nite, decide if it is "done",
			and let everyone know to use it (flyer in communications folders)
				


later:
	soliciting db
		region? 
	track # of tickets, $ donated


---------------------------------
Wed Oct 22 13:47:55 PDT 2003


three different types of revenue to track
	- 10 names forfeit charge ($50, and optional)
		only if you opt to NOT supply 10 names
		they would PREFER to have the 10 names, but this'll let them escape
	- food/quilt $50 REQUIRED
		everyone MUST pay this
		someone likely will need to nag people about this, like with 10 names
	- 3x5 card item forfeit charge ($50, optional)
		the 3x5 card tracking will be similar or identical to the 10 names
		this charge is, just like 10 names forfeit charge, if they opt out
		they can choose not to supply the 3x5 items, and pay $50 instead
	
	10 names RSVP cards
		they will print or otherwise right the leads id number on the cards
		when donations are entered, they'll enter the response number
		to track revenue to each lead, and, summary by each family

	an input screen, to enter 
		payer, 
		check num, 
		date (on check?), 
		category  (popup)
			10-names forfeit charge
			food/quilt
			3x5 card forfeit charge
		family popup (if 3x5 or quilt) 
		or, if an RSVP, response code, which is the leadid 
			(future, for RSVP cards: not right now)
		
-------------------------	
12/01/2003

solicitation notes
	flyer posting. many years, many flyers, many-to-many table. 
	glue to auction table!
	just like money: auction items can come from families, or businesses!
	track/auth by comittee member?
		can enter from other areas
	cash donations too?
		yes.
	buy an ad! size, and amount
		can get some in
	note field... i.e. a call history log (left message, etc.)?
		call back/left message
	not interested, DO NOT CONTACT, want that info in there
	due date! 
		what about due date for the donations? do they have one?
			by febrary 1st-- for business
		10TH for solicitation meeting: MUST HAVE UI UP!

--------------
01/13/2004

auction permissions
    ferris need to add/enter/delete auctions
    treckeme needs to view them

packaging stuff
    add "auction item delivered" field to auctions table
    only packaging team should be able to CHANGE "auction item delivered" date
    sue langlands, marlita, and refino have packaging group permissions
        they also need to see the item's SERIAL NUMBER so they can tag them.

solicitation screen, first cut
    auction donations ONLY (i'm not ready for ads and sponsorships, yet).
    business names (JUST name! all other contact info may not be forthcoming)
    otherwise this screen will look almost identical to auction donations
        for now... in the future it will be a whole system in and of itself.
    kirsten will need to be able to VIEW these entries,
        separate from regular auctions.


-----------
2004-01-19

auction attendee, number
amount
