notes on subform navigation, flipping between screens

iframe? this is a botch

or, i can use tal, templates, and javascript for subforms
	i.e., each CoopForm generates not html, but json
		the json gets added to any parent forms at "add new" or "edit" time
		everything gets processed all at once, at "save" time
	means basically rewriting quickform though. yecch.


??? PHP/JS
attempt to implement subform.. as an ajax
	write a simple test that poots out a subform, possibly stripped of its FORM
		AAGH! the included scripts! notworking
			window? scope?
		DOMinspect it, where are the scripts, if anywhere?
	is it inline scripts or just links?
		test
	maybe test caching all js into a classvar
		and then unfolding it later
		this is going to suck pud.
			cooppage has to change. 	
		inclusion guards need to be sent to the page somehow
			i.e. have to make sure not to re-load some js that's already there


??JS/PHP
	i.e., um, subform PLAN!
		make add new blah do a js foo(subtable, id)
			js fetches the subform, passes the ID along with it?
				deferred callback dumps it into innerhtml (easy), 
				and appends/removes from a hidden array of subtable names
					that'd need to be maintable-subtable do i can nest
		the 'server' side that delivers the subform HTML 
			does only some of what's in newdispatcher::add_edit()
				i'd have to extract that out into a coopform function... scary!
					getting vars
					validation
				hmm. could i just call that by itself?? what comes out of it?
					a full form! might be ok
			and strips out the form html
	what to do at save time?
		i suppose i need a hidden, 
			with the names of all the subforms i've created
		populate it via js
	my validate needs to be recursive
		build the subforms-- be certain to recurse!
		umm. what about javascript validation? does it break now?





big question: if i json it, how do i deal with input validation?
	i have to go back to what i had. with some hidden var, showing which




json housekeeping
	finally tweek the error handling
		make pear errors report their proper thing
			not what's saved in user_error
	multiple classes: how to do it?
		with .'s?
			look at the python stuff


?? PHP
make the push a button, or a javascript submit
	look at my old subform patch?
	then, save the value of vars at push time
	change my link to a javascript submit or a actual button
		see the old subform shit for reference
	save submitvars into last, then do the PUSH!
		where to do this?! right now i do push nowhere near form
		save them into last-pushed stack?
  save the status of what i was working on!
  	instead of a link, make the push button a submit with a temp set
  		only exportvalues? or submitvars (note the crosslinks!)
  	don't validate if i am saving!
  
  

well first of all, THE VIEW/DETAILS SHOUDL PUSH!
	the recordbuttons (not actiondbuttons) should all be pushers.
		EXCEPT when they're on their own page, i.e. at top
	wait, why not actionbuttons too? if they are in a details view!





	if i'm supposed to push, i save PREVIOUS LAST onto stack
		i save my current into last
		i also need to save my FORM VARS
			how to do that? it's a selfurl... it's not a save
				make it a save button then



???PHP JSON-RPC
	do the jsonclass: hint, for all objects!
		aha! it's a path to the class, useful for python
			MONKEYPATCHING!
		jsonrpcObj.__proto__ = (new Error).__proto__ seems to do 
 		jsonrpcObj.__proto__ = Error.prototype
			look at how jsolait does it too. and/or htmlajax
	what about this stdclass thing? i'm not big on that.
		also what with the rpclib and syslib stuff?
	try json'ing the subforms now
		simply return the html, swap out what's there



	might even have a cool javascript edit thing, to go EDIT one that is shown
		in a popup. then come back.
			s/b easy, actually.

	hmm, i have to know what table i came from if i'm going to push
	put "push" into ALL menu and recordbuttons IFF there is a parencot


	this is pretty straightforwards for views, which only go one way









	nice thing is, then a wizard just becomes a custom QF, a collection of links





