template engine notes

	
???PHP/CSS (day)
package sheet printing -- some with CSS or PDF!
	get the basics there
	figure out how to do page breaks
		read!
	page-break-before and page-break-after:always work just fine, or should
	wow, should just be a tal repeat!!
	
revise the whole model
	think in terms of everything generating s-expressions: nested dicts
		which can then be implemented via TAL/kid/smarty templates
			or shipped via JSON, or IPC'ed to python, etc
				at JSON time they can be stuffed into mochikit/nevow things!
				i can also perhaps ship the JS "template" for them too!
	ok, in coopview:  makeheader and a fetch through toarraywithkeys
		you can build any table with mochikit using these two!
		build a jsonrpc or REST to go get this
			tricky bit will be the conditions
		these are your subtables when done

wow, i can do forms as templates!!
	dynamically deciding what things to put in the form!
	use that table-less thing

		
subtables/linktables
	fisch them out of forwardlinks/backlinks
	if they're already not linked, link them, like details view does
	return iterator of them
	
	
things which suck, a lot, about simpletable
	trying to add a column which isn't in the db. or a button callback
		thank you
		make-packages
		parent ed
	you masically have to create a fake column with nothing in it
		then create a displaycallback to add it




make attendance test use wholephptal model now!
	no it doesn't. i had to whack it
	i think the secret is to change my brain. 
	my view/add/confirmdelete/delete/etc code should NOT INCLUDE ANY HTML
	 none whatsoever



	which?
		sf nag report
			might be easiest to start with this!!!!
    	show nags only by due dates passed!
    		or, will my above alertstatus do it?
        use alerts instead of logic inside of nagreport??
			nice, to get a summary of all alerts for a family!
    		yank that silly conditional at the top of the nagreport!
			move calcs into object
	add a 'send reminder' button, to send alerts
 	parent ed nag (best choice, start from scratch)
			families, and all that they owe
				total hours
		also maybe that parent ed entry too
			meeting, families, hours... though that's really a form
	enhancement nag
	solicitation summary
	springfest totals (carriereport)
	an expanded territory report maybe?
	shirley's summary
		first, all enrolled families (like in sandyreport?)
		all enrollment totals (days)
			by family and kid
	make both reports group view only? 


	could do, in each template
		usemacro top
		usemacro head
			do stuff
		usemacro foot
	or, 
		use-macro page-shell
			fill-slot centerstuff
			nice! you can fill slots conditionally!


	how to SCRAM if no login?
		have to scram the template AND the actual page-generating code, both
		a center div which scrams if no auth! duh. that's easy
			a conditaional fill-slot???!
				no login, no SLOT

	get details working
		the problem is the STACK. it needs to push
			and it needs to know how to get back from there


	settings
		cache dir? nocache? repository?
		xhtml/xml mode?



ugly big huge reference problem
	looks like the page that gets sent into the context is DIFFERENT
		from the one that is in the dispatcher. this is deadly
		make sure i understand exactly what is the behaviour
			i.e. i can put things into dispatcher.
				how do they get disconnected?
		then go trace it through
	maybe blow off the dispatcher???!
		try to trace it back
		i think this whole approach is brain-dead
